README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Ping coming soon page solution

This is a solution to the [Ping coming soon page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/ping-single-column-coming-soon-page-5cadd051fec04111f7b848da). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Submit their email address using an `input` field
- Receive an error message when the `form` is submitted if:
	- The `input` field is empty. The message for this error should say *"Whoops! It looks like you forgot to add your email"*
	- The email address is not formatted correctly (i.e. a correct email address should have this structure: `name@host.tld`). The message for this error should say *"Please provide a valid email address"*

### Links

- Live Site URL: https://pearlanyanwu.github.io/ping-coming-soon.github.io/

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS Flexbox

### Continued development

Uploaded mobile design first.

Commit message:

edited mobile and desktop views, updated readme

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Ping coming soon page solution

This is a solution to the [Ping coming soon page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/ping-single-column-coming-soon-page-5cadd051fec04111f7b848da). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Submit their email address using an `input` field
- Receive an error message when the `form` is submitted if:
	- The `input` field is empty. The message for this error should say *"Whoops! It looks like you forgot to add your email"*
	- The email address is not formatted correctly (i.e. a correct email address should have this structure: `name@host.tld`). The message for this error should say *"Please provide a valid email address"*

### Links

- Live Site URL: https://pearlanyanwu.github.io/ping-coming-soon.github.io/

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS Flexbox

### Continued development

I will add the error state in the near future.
